I have a json dictionary to store data regarding a given packages name, manufacturer, how critical it is to the system, and what complications may occur if removed. I have scanned a bunch of devices for unknown packages and placed them in a file called unknown_packages.txt. please identify those packages and properly format and append them into the attached json dictionary titled packagedictionary.json, and give me the resulting file to incorperate into my project following a few rules:

    1. the app_description tag is a description of the user facing app EX: "google chrome web browser", if the package is not user facing just describe what it does.

    2. the made_by tag just contains the source of the app, EX: "samsung", "google", "android open source project", "verizon". If the app is from an unidentified source just make the made_by tag say "unidentified source".

    3. the safety_status tag is a description of how critical the app is to remove ranging from "safe to remove" to "OS Critical" with intermidiates like "feature critical" to describe apps that reoving won't brick the device but may damage a major feature EX: "com.android.vending" removing the app store but won't outright brick the device. if the app is unknown then leave this tag as "unknown"

    4. the complications tag describes what consequences might occur if the pakcage is removed, ranging from "no major complications" for "com.google.android.apps.plus" to "will likely destroy the OS" for "android". if the complications are unknown leave this tag as "unknown".

here are a few examples of properly formatted dictionary entries:

    "com.android.chrome": {
        "app_description": "google chrome web browser",
        "made_by": "google",
        "safety_status": "safe to remove",
        "complications": "may result in minor complications"
    },

    "com.sec.android.app.shealth": {
        "app_description": "samsung S_Health app",
        "made_by": "samsung",
        "safety_status": "safe to remove",
        "complications": "no major loss in functionality"
    },

    "com.android.email": {
        "app_description": "default android email client",
        "made_by": "android open source project",
        "safety_status": "safe to remove",
        "complications": "may result in minor complications"
    }
